I was trying to get caught up on paperwork for the circuit overseas visit.
There was so much to do.
You gotta be kidding me.
Well, you're home early, honey.
I said something was wrong.
The kids had left a few things out and I was a bit preoccupied.
The tough day?
You were supposed to talk to the girls about this.
They're making it a habit.
The more I thought about it though,
I realized it wasn't just a kitchen.
I guess I was part of the problem.
Or maybe the problem was me.
You see, my wife is an amazing woman.
I'm so loving.
It would be an understatement to call her industrious.
And then there's her infectious joy.
I mean, how could I not love her?
But sometimes it takes more than saying I love you.
You know, honey, you're right.
This is completely unacceptable.
I'll talk to the girls as soon as they come through that door.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you too.
I was so tired after work,
but glad to finally get home.
Until you gotta be kidding me.
You're home, honey.
I knew he had congregation staff to work on.
But seriously?
The tough day?
You were supposed to talk to the girls about this.
They're making it a habit.
At first, it upset me he didn't say anything.
But then, I began to think.
It's actually something I've come to love about John.
His patience.
He doesn't overreact.
He's thoughtful, concerned.
He really listens.
It's why he's such a good elder.
And why we've enjoyed so many blessings together.
Sometimes, I forget.
And I could be more patient.
You know, honey, you're right.
This is completely unacceptable.
I'll talk to the girls as soon as they come through that door.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Show time.
So the fire drill went off right when we were having a match.
Tested.
Him, I'm death.
Got a shower before us then.
Girls?
Okay.
You need to finish the kitchen now.
No, we don't have any time.
We just got home.
Yeah, we've been through for 15 minutes.
No discussion.
No excuses.
Now.
Okay.
Thanks.
I did tell them to leave the kitchen spot with, didn't I?
Yeah.
They needed to hear that.
True.
It's just overall, they are.
I know.
They were actually pioneering during the circuit over series visit.
They really put themselves out for others.
Including you.
I mean us.
We ever want to take them for granted.
Girls?
I felt the big mess earlier.
Thanks for cleaning that up.
Your mom and I, we were upset.
But we really want you to know that...
You are gifts from Jehovah.
Precious gifts.
We both cherish.
We love you very much.
What your mom said.
Man, I'm so happy today because that fighter interrupted our mattress.
But we have to do it tomorrow.
We're gonna be studying in all night.
Hey mom, dad, got a shower before our study.
No discussion.
No excuses.
Now.
Okay.
Where did all of this come from?
We're gonna be here all night.
It did give us time to think.
They are such good examples.
Mom never stops working.
And our home is always, always beautiful.
They give us so much of their time.
And themselves.
A bit cheesy sometimes.
But overall, they're pretty great.
That night, they didn't lecture us.
They just reminded us of one thing.
And it was pretty deep.
When we dedicate our lives to Jehovah,
our lives includes everything.
Our time, our resources, our home.
Our kitchen.
Yes, our kitchen.
And how we care for those things,
it reflects on him.
And on us as your parents.
That kind of sank in.
I knew I could do better.
No mom, we got this.
Um, we got this?
Oh yeah, we got this.